# Interface: ISynchronisedStorageServiceConfig

Configuration for the Synchronised Storage Service.

## Extends

- [`ITrustedSynchronisedStorageServiceConfig`](ITrustedSynchronisedStorageServiceConfig.md)

## Properties

### entityUpdateIntervalMs?

> `optional` **entityUpdateIntervalMs**: `number`

How often to check for entity updates in milliseconds.

#### Default

```ts
300000 (5 minutes)
```

***

### isTrustedNode?

> `optional` **isTrustedNode**: `boolean`

Is this a node that has permission to write to the verifiable storage?

#### Default

```ts
false
```

***

### consolidationIntervalMs?

> `optional` **consolidationIntervalMs**: `number`

Interval to perform consolidation of changesets, only used if isTrustedNode is set.

#### Default

```ts
300000 (5 minutes)
```

***

### consolidationBatchSize?

> `optional` **consolidationBatchSize**: `number`

The number of entities to process in a single consolidation batch.

#### Default

```ts
1000
```

***

### synchronisedStorageKey

> **synchronisedStorageKey**: `string`

The key to use for the remote synchronised storage, the initial item will have been
generated by a trusted node.

#### Inherited from

[`ITrustedSynchronisedStorageServiceConfig`](ITrustedSynchronisedStorageServiceConfig.md).[`synchronisedStorageKey`](ITrustedSynchronisedStorageServiceConfig.md#synchronisedstoragekey)

***

### synchronisedStorageMethodId?

> `optional` **synchronisedStorageMethodId**: `string`

The id of the identity method to use when signing/verifying changesets.

#### Default

```ts
synchronised-storage-assertion
```

#### Inherited from

[`ITrustedSynchronisedStorageServiceConfig`](ITrustedSynchronisedStorageServiceConfig.md).[`synchronisedStorageMethodId`](ITrustedSynchronisedStorageServiceConfig.md#synchronisedstoragemethodid)
